I may let you through our experience
sunday dance terminal dance we lead
have stars here today on the parquet
one of the highlights I think
pay at the point is also that
Dance tournament what we are allowed to experience today
it's about the düsseldorf airport cup
is not for a dance tournament here
normal atmosphere it is more or
Almost almost open air in the
terminal hall
Of course that also brings many
additional visitors then here in
terminal in the stores and everywhere i
I think that's a win-win situation
on the one hand for the jump to 2 but
of course also for the airport
Dusseldorf
brings from the very good starts the
dance closer to the fifa
I happen that there will be more and more
on me and me every year is more people
a great mood yes I had earlier
Autograph Hours because the queue is on
yes, crazy
we dance and suddenly people come
with the suitcase over know yes
not what is going on here are left standing
and then think of düsseldorf
heroes here are fueled so that's
should